# Indeed_TextMining
In this project we use web scraping to obtain job descriptions from Indeed.com. We apply text mining techniques and build classification models.
Indeed is one of the biggest websites for job listings and the highest-traffic job website in the United States. As soon-to-be graduates, we spend already quite some time on Indeed looking at jobs for after our Master's degree in Statistics and Data Science. Data Science related jobs are in demand and Indeed is full of them. With our analysis we want to have an insight into the Belgian job market for data related jobs. We want to find out what the demanded skills are and what topics appear in job descriptions.  We are especially interested in the job descriptions for listings appearing under different search terms. Is there a difference between jobs recommended when searching for Data Analyst, Data Scientist, Data Engineer, Machine Learning Engineer and Buisness Intelligence? Since Belgium is a multiligual country, we are interested which job titles are most often posted in English. Finally, we want to find out if the job description is predictive for the search term under which a job appears.

The first step of the analysis is to scrape Indeed to aquire the job descriptions. This poses several challenges as Indeed is not easy to scrape. Once we obtain the text from the scraping we prepare and clean it for our analysis. We will apply some descriptive analysis such as looking at the word frequency distribution and n-grams. We will implement topic modeling with LDA and Top2Vec. Finally, we will build a multiclass classification model on the dataset.
